Added a section on explicit rejection (#213)
lamps-wg/draft-composite-kem: draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem.md

Variations in the keygen process above and decapsulation processes below to accommodate particular private key storage mechanisms or alternate interfaces to the underlying cryptographic modules are considered to be conformant to this specification so long as they produce the same output and error handling.

For example, component private keys stored in separate software or hardware modules where it is not possible to do a joint simultaneous keygen would be considered compliant so long as both keys are freshly generated. It is also possible that the underlying cryptographic module does not expose a `ML-KEM.KeyGen(seed)` that accepts an externally-generated seed, and instead an alternate keygen interface must be used. Note however that cryptographic modules that do not support seed-based ML-KEM key generation will be incapable of importing or exporting composite keys in the standard format since the private key serialization routines defined in {{sec-serialize-privkey}} only support ML-KEM keys as seeds.

> Erors produced by the component `KeyGen()` routines MUST be forwarded on to the calling application. Further discussion can be found below in {{sec-explicit-rejection}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors produced by the component `KeyGen()` routines MUST be forwarded on to the calling application. Further discussion can be found below in {{sec-explicit-rejection}}.
```

The specific values for `KDF` and the specific values for `Label` are defined per Composite ML-KEM algorithm in {{alg-params}}.

> Erors produced by the component `Encaps()` routines MUST be forwarded on to the calling application. Further discussion can be found below in {{sec-explicit-rejection}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors produced by the component `Encaps()` routines MUST be forwarded on to the calling application. Further discussion can be found below in {{sec-explicit-rejection}}.
```

> Erors produced by the component `Decaps()` routines MUST be forwarded on to the calling application. Further discussion can be found below in {{sec-explicit-rejection}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors produced by the component `Decaps()` routines MUST be forwarded on to the calling application. Further discussion can be found below in {{sec-explicit-rejection}}.
```

Implementation note: The HMAC-based combiner here is exactly the "HKDF-Extract" step from [RFC5869] with an empty `salt`. Implementations with access to "HKDF-Extract", without the "HKDF-Expand" step, MAY use this interchangeably with the HMAC-based construction presented above. Note that a full invocation of HKDF with both HKDF-Extract and HKDF-Expand, even with the correct output length and empty `info` param is not equivalent to the HMAC construction above since HKDF-Expand will always perform at least one extra iteration of HMAC.

## Error Handling and Explicit Rejection {#sec-explicit-rejection}

> ML-KEM, particularly its `Decaps()` defined in Algorithms 18 and 21 of [FIPS.203], is designed to be implicitly rejecting, meaning that `ML-KEM.Decaps()` will never return an error, but instead any errors encountered during decapsulation are handled by producing a pseudo-randomized shared secret that does not match the intended shared secret.

Reviewer 2: passing in `dk` or `c` that is of unexpected size will cause an error...

> ML-KEM, particularly its `Decaps()` defined in Algorithms 18 and 21 of [FIPS.203], is designed to be implicitly rejecting, meaning that `ML-KEM.Decaps()` will never return an error, but instead any errors encountered during decapsulation are handled by producing a pseudo-randomized shared secret that does not match the intended shared secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ML-KEM, particularly its `Decaps()` defined in Algorithms 18 and 21 of [FIPS.203], is designed to be implicitly rejecting, meaning that `ML-KEM.Decaps()` will typically not return an error for a mangled ciphertext, but instead produce a pseudo-randomized shared secret.
```

> In Composite ML-KEM, not all component algorithms will be implicitly rejecting, for example RSA-OAEP's `Decrypt()` can return an error if the padding is incorrect. In general, in the case that one of the component primitives generates an error during Composite ML-KEM KeyGen, Encaps, or Decaps, If a component primitive returns an error, Composite ML-KEM SHOULD clear all buffers containing key material and forward the error to its caller; I.E. Composite ML-KEM SHOULD be explicitly rejecting whenever one of its components is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Composite ML-KEM, not all component algorithms will be implicitly rejecting, for example RSA-OAEP's `Decrypt()` can return an error if the padding is incorrect. In general, in the case that one of the component primitives generates an error during Composite ML-KEM KeyGen, Encaps, or Decaps, if a component primitive returns an error, Composite ML-KEM SHOULD clear all buffers containing key material and MUST forward the error to its caller; I.E. Composite ML-KEM is explicitly rejecting whenever one of its components is.
```

> An exception case to this could arise if a Composite ML-KEM implementation is required to fit an API which does not allow for returning errors, as might be the case of a Decaps API designed for ML-KEM. In such a case it is acceptable to return a freshly generated 256-bit cryptographically random value as the shared secret. Since the goal in this case would be simply to satisfy an API and not to turn Composite ML-KEM into a true implicitly rejecting KEM, it is ok that this does not provide the security of an implicitly rejecting KEM -- I.E. it is ok that this returns different shared secrets for successive decapsulations of the same error-causing ciphertext. That said, the rejection value MUST be cryptographically random, and implementations MUST NOT return a fixed value such as all zeros, as this could lead to catastrophic loss of security if an application does not notice and uses this to protect data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
